User Documentation for the Medical Social Network 
Description
Our project is a medical social network that will allow a patient to connect or become “friends” with their clinicians to share their information with them. The information that would be shared with the clinician would be anything the patient deems as necessary, which could range from allergies to past/current medications. Having to fill out the same paperwork every time you visit the doctor, or a new doctor can be redundant, and you risk a chance of putting different information down than you have in the past. This social network can save you from accidentally putting down different information and save time. 

How to Obtain and Install
	We are using hosted software for our website.

How to Run
	To run the software/website, a patient or a clinician will need to either log in or sign up. When signing up, the clinician or patient will be added into the database with their information. For clinicians, they will need to verify their credentials, and patients will have to add in their medical history, but they will both have to put in their name, email address, phone number, username, password and other basic contact information, which will be stored in the database. When logging in, the patient or clinician will input their username and password which will then pull their information out of the database. Clinicians will be able to see and share information with their patients, while the patients will be able to friend their clinicians and share information they think is necessary to their clinician. 
	
How to Use
	The UI is organized with the user in mind. Since the ages of the users can range from 0-100, the simplest design needed to be picked in order for every user to be able to use the network. The software is designed to follow the process of questions asked at the doctor’s office. There is a patient mode and a clinician mode. The patient mode will have to fill out the questions found on medical history forms. They will then be able to search for their clinician based on their location or what hospital they are currently at. They will then be able to friend their clinician and be able to choose what the clinician can see of their information. The clinician mode will ask the clinician to verify their credentials, which can get matched back to the FSMB (Federation of State Medical Boards). They will then be able to share what information might be needed for the patient, as in medications, remedies, etc. Clinician’s will also be able to friend their patients.

How to Report a Bug  
	To report a bug, there will be a contact us button on the bottom of each webpage of the social network. When clicked on, the contact us page will bring the user to a page that asks for their name, email and the issue. A resource for how to write a bug report is listed below:  https://bugs.java.com/bugdatabase/. 

